doc/readme-using.pt1.rst, before:

@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@
Dubs Vim Reference
@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@

##################
Dubs Vim Reference
##################

Dubs Vim Reference
==================

See the
`Dubs Vim installation instructions <README.rst#Installation>`__
if you want to download and install Dubs Vim.

About Dubs Vim
--------------

Dubs Vim is one developer's Vim IDE, assembled from a legion of awesome plugins.

Project page: https://github.com/landonb/dubs-vim

About this File
---------------

This document combines all the Dubs Vim plugin READMEs into one file.

You'll find links to each plugin in the following lists,
and you'll find documentation for *everything Dubs* below that!

About this Plugin (``dubs_all``)
--------------------------------

This project is not a Vim plugin itself, but a collection of
one developers favorite plugins, including their own plugins
and other individuals' plugins, included as git submodules.
Oh, and this README.

You are obviously encouraged to follow the links below and
to install whatever individual plugins appeal to you, but
to not bother with this repository, though feel free to track
it if you're curious what plugins this author uses.

List of Dubs Vim Plugins
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This plugin includes the following plugins:

.. | `dubs_after_dark <https://github.com/landonb/dubs_after_dark>`__: Compelling light on dark color scheme.
.. | `dubs_appearance <https://github.com/landonb/dubs_appearance>`__: Configure basic Vim look n' feel.
.. | `dubs_buffer_fun <https://github.com/landonb/dubs_buffer_fun>`__: Manage Buffers and Windows.
.. | `dubs_edit_juice <https://github.com/landonb/dubs_edit_juice>`__: Powerful Text Editing commands.
.. | `dubs_file_finder <https://github.com/landonb/dubs_file_finder>`__: Find and Open Files.
.. | `dubs_ftype_mess <https://github.com/landonb/dubs_ftype_mess>`__: Filetype-specific features, like syntax highlighters, etc.
.. | `dubs_grep_steady <https://github.com/landonb/dubs_grep_steady>`__: Clever Text Search including Replace.
.. | `dubs_html_entities <https://github.com/landonb/dubs_html_entities>`__: HTML Entity table.
.. | `dubs_mescaline <https://github.com/landonb/dubs_mescaline>`__: Simple, elegant status line.
.. | `dubs_project_tray <https://github.com/landonb/dubs_project_tray>`__: Project plugin wrapper.
.. | `dubs_quickfix_wrap <https://github.com/landonb/dubs_quickfix_wrap>`__: Elegant Quickfix wrapper.
.. | `dubs_rest_fold <https://github.com/landonb/dubs_rest_fold>`__: reStructuredText power folder.
.. | `dubs_style_guard <https://github.com/landonb/dubs_style_guard>`__: Automatically set whitespace and line-length settings.
.. | `dubs_syntastic_wrap <https://github.com/landonb/dubs_syntastic_wrap>`__: Syntastic wrapper.
.. | `dubs_toggle_textwrap <https://github.com/landonb/dubs_toggle_textwrap>`__: Simple text wrapping wrapper.
.. | `dubs_web_hatch <https://github.com/landonb/dubs_web_hatch>`__: sensible-browser mappings.

====================================================================================    =============================================================================================================================================================
`dubs_after_dark <https://github.com/landonb/dubs_after_dark>`__                        Compelling light on dark color scheme.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`dubs_appearance <https://github.com/landonb/dubs_appearance>`__                        Configure basic Vim look n' feel.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`dubs_buffer_fun <https://github.com/landonb/dubs_buffer_fun>`__                        Manage Buffers and Windows.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`dubs_edit_juice <https://github.com/landonb/dubs_edit_juice>`__                        Powerful Text Editing commands.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`dubs_file_finder <https://github.com/landonb/dubs_file_finder>`__                      Find and Open Files.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`dubs_ftype_mess <https://github.com/landonb/dubs_ftype_mess>`__                        Filetype-specific features, like syntax highlighters, etc.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`dubs_grep_steady <https://github.com/landonb/dubs_grep_steady>`__                      Clever Text Search including Replace.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`dubs_html_entities <https://github.com/landonb/dubs_html_entities>`__                  HTML Entity table.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`dubs_mescaline <https://github.com/landonb/dubs_mescaline>`__                          Choice Status Line.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`dubs_project_tray <https://github.com/landonb/dubs_project_tray>`__                    Project plugin wrapper.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`dubs_quickfix_wrap <https://github.com/landonb/dubs_quickfix_wrap>`__                  Elegant Quickfix wrapper.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`dubs_rest_fold <https://github.com/landonb/dubs_rest_fold>`__                          reStructuredText power folder.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`dubs_style_guard <https://github.com/landonb/dubs_style_guard>`__                      Automatically set whitespace and line-length settings.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`dubs_syntastic_wrap <https://github.com/landonb/dubs_syntastic_wrap>`__                Syntastic wrapper.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`dubs_toggle_textwrap <https://github.com/landonb/dubs_toggle_textwrap>`__              Simple text wrapping wrapper.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`dubs_web_hatch <https://github.com/landonb/dubs_web_hatch>`__                          sensible-browser mappings.
====================================================================================    =============================================================================================================================================================

List of Third-party Plugins
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. To generate list: grep url .gitmodules | sed 's/.*= //' | sort

This plugin also includes these awesome third-party plugins:

| `AutoAdapt <https://github.com/vim-scripts/AutoAdapt>`__:
    "Automatically adapt timestamps, copyright notices, etc."
      [`vim script <http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=4654>`__]
| `command-t <https://github.com/wincent/command-t>`__:
    "Fast file navigation for VIM"
| `ctrlp.vim <https://github.com/kien/ctrlp.vim>`__:
    "Fuzzy file, buffer, mru, tag, etc finder."
      [`deets <https://kien.github.io/ctrlp.vim/>`__]
| `editorconfig-vim <https://github.com/editorconfig/editorconfig-vim>`__:
    "EditorConfig plugin for Vim"
      [`more <http://editorconfig.org/>`__]
| `goyo.vim <https://github.com/junegunn/goyo.vim>`__:
    "Distraction-free writing in Vim"
| `ingo-library <https://github.com/vim-scripts/ingo-library>`__:
    "Vimscript library of common functions."
      [`v.s. <http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=4433>`__]
| `limelight.vim <https://github.com/junegunn/limelight.vim>`__:
    "|flashlight| All the world's indeed a stage and we are merely players"
| `QFEnter <https://github.com/yssl/QFEnter>`__:
    "Open a Quickfix item in a window you choose. (Vim plugin)"
| `syntastic <https://github.com/scrooloose/syntastic>`__:
    "Syntax checking hacks for vim"
| `tcomment_vim <https://github.com/tomtom/tcomment_vim>`__:
    "An extensible & universal comment vim-plugin that also handles embedded filetypes"
      [`vs <http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=1173>`__]
      [see also: `vim-commentary <https://github.com/tpope/vim-commentary>`__]
| `tlib_vim <https://github.com/tomtom/tlib_vim>`__:
    "Some utility functions for VIM"
      [`vs <http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=1863>`__]
| `vim-bufsurf <https://github.com/ton/vim-bufsurf>`__:
    "Vim plugin that enables surfing through buffers based on viewing history per window."
| `vim-gnupg <https://github.com/jamessan/vim-gnupg>`__:
    "transparent editing of gpg encrypted files."
  [`vs <http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=3645>`__]
| `vim-javascript <https://github.com/pangloss/vim-javascript>`__:
    "Vastly improved Javascript indentation and syntax support in Vim.
      [`vs <http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=4452>`__]
| `vim-jsx <https://github.com/landonb/vim-jsx>`__:
    "React JSX syntax highlighting and indenting for vim."
      (forked from `vim-jsx <https://github.com/mxw/vim-jsx>`__)
| `vim-markdown <https://github.com/landonb/vim-markdown>`__:
    "Markdown for Vim: a complete environment to create Markdown files
    with a syntax highlight that doesn't suck!"
      (forked from `vim-markdown <https://github.com/gabrielelana/vim-markdown>`__)
| `vim-misc <https://github.com/xolox/vim-misc>`__:
    "Miscellaneous auto-load Vim scripts"
      [`more <https://peterodding.com/code/vim/misc/>`__]

.. |flashlight| unicode:: 0x1F526 .. flashlight

As well as these plugins from the venerable `Tim Pope <https://github.com/tpope>`__:

| `vim-endwise <https://github.com/tpope/vim-endwise>`__:
    "endwise.vim: wisely add "end" in ruby, endfunction/endif/more in vim script, etc"
  [`vs <http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=2386>`__]
| `vim-fugitive <https://github.com/tpope/vim-fugitive>`__:
    "fugitive.vim: a Git wrapper so awesome, it should be illegal"
  [`vs <http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=2975>`__]
| `vim-scriptease <https://github.com/tpope/vim-scriptease>`__:
    "scriptease.vim: A Vim plugin for Vim plugins"
      [`vs <http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=4394>`__]
| `vim-speeddating <https://github.com/tpope/vim-speeddating>`__:
    "speeddating.vim: use CTRL-A/CTRL-X to increment dates, times, and more"
      [`vs <http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=2120>`__]
| `vim-surround <https://github.com/landonb/vim-surround>`__:
    "surround.vim: quoting/parenthesizing made simple"
      [`vs <http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=1697>`__]
      (forked from `vim-surround <https://github.com/tpope/vim-surround>`__)
| `vim-unimpaired <https://github.com/tpope/vim-unimpaired>`__:
    "unimpaired.vim: pairs of handy bracket mappings"
      [`vs <http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=1590>`__]
| `vim-vinegar <https://github.com/tpope/vim-vinegar>`__:
    "vinegar.vim: combine with netrw to create a delicious salad dressing"
| `vim-vividchalk <https://github.com/tpope/vim-vividchalk>`__:
    "vividchalk.vim: a colorscheme strangely reminiscent of Vibrant Ink for a certain OS X editor"
      [`vs <http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=1891>`__]

And these plugins that I no longer use (or rarely use) but have yet to scrub:

| `jellybeans.vim <https://github.com/nanotech/jellybeans.vim>`__:
    "A colorful, dark color scheme for Vim."
      [`vim.org <http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=2555>`__]
| `nerdtree <https://github.com/scrooloose/nerdtree>`__:
    "A tree explorer plugin for vim."
| `nord-vim <https://github.com/arcticicestudio/nord-vim>`__:
    "An arctic, north-bluish clean and elegant Vim theme."
| `TeTrIs.vim <https://github.com/vim-scripts/TeTrIs.vim>`__:
    "A tetris game in pure vim"
| `viki_vim <https://github.com/tomtom/viki_vim>`__:
    "A personal wiki for Vim"
      [`vs <http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=861>`__]
| `vim-rails <https://github.com/tpope/vim-rails>`__:
    "rails.vim: Ruby on Rails power tools"
      [`vs <http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=1567>`__]

Comprehensive Feature List
--------------------------

Each plugin's README.rst is reproduced herein to give a nice,
comprehensive (albeit lengthy) list of all the features.

Most of the features and key mappings are specific to Dubs Vim,
but a few commonly-used (or commonly-forgotten) Vim commands are
also included.

Features are grouped into categories and are identified by
their keyboard mapping or ``:command`` name, followed by a
brief description of the feature and then more detailed notes.

.. NOTE: For security reasons, the include directive does not
..       work on github. As such, this following will not work...
..
.. .. include:: https://github.com/landonb/dubs_after_dark/README.rst
.. .. include:: https://github.com/landonb/dubs_appearance/README.rst
.. .. include:: https://github.com/landonb/dubs_buffer_fun/README.rst
.. .. include:: https://github.com/landonb/dubs_edit_juice/README.rst
.. .. include:: https://github.com/landonb/dubs_file_finder/README.rst
.. .. include:: https://github.com/landonb/dubs_ftype_mess/README.rst
.. .. include:: https://github.com/landonb/dubs_grep_steady/README.rst
.. .. include:: https://github.com/landonb/dubs_html_entities/README.rst
.. .. include:: https://github.com/landonb/dubs_mescaline/README.rst
.. .. include:: https://github.com/landonb/dubs_project_tray/README.rst
.. .. include:: https://github.com/landonb/dubs_quickfix_wrap/README.rst
.. .. include:: https://github.com/landonb/dubs_syntastic_wrap/README.rst
.. .. include:: https://github.com/landonb/dubs_rest_fold/README.rst
.. .. include:: https://github.com/landonb/dubs_style_guard/README.rst
.. .. include:: https://github.com/landonb/dubs_toggle_textwrap/README.rst
.. .. include:: https://github.com/landonb/dubs_web_hatch/README.rst
..
.. so instead we'll assemble this file from a script, readme-using.make.sh.

Commit message:

Migrate: Update from Pathogen plugin management to builtin Vim packages.

doc/readme-using.pt1.rst, after:

@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@
Dubs Vim Reference
@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@

##################
Dubs Vim Reference
##################

Dubs Vim Reference
==================

See the
`Dubs Vim installation instructions <README.rst#Installation>`__
if you want to download and install Dubs Vim.

About Dubs Vim
--------------

Dubs Vim is one developer's Vim IDE, assembled from a legion of awesome plugins.

Project page: https://github.com/landonb/dubs-vim

About this File
---------------

This document combines all the Dubs Vim plugin READMEs into one file.

You'll find links to each plugin in the following lists,
and you'll find documentation for *everything Dubs* below that!

About this Project
------------------

This project is not a Vim plugin itself, but a collection of
one developers favorite plugins, including their own plugins
and other individuals' plugins.

The plugins used to be included as git submodules, but submodules
are a chore to manage. Fortunately Vim now makes it easier to use
an external multiple repository manager (such as ``myrepos``) to
manage your Vim packages and plugins. So now the plugins are just
referenced from documentation; and it's up to you, the developer-
user, to install and manage them yourself.

tl;dr, you probably don't want to clone and install this project
(e.g., to ``~/.vim``), but you may be curious what Vim plugins I
use and recommend (and maintain).

List of Dubs Vim Plugins
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

These are plugins I've developed and continue to maintain:

.. | `dubs_after_dark <https://github.com/landonb/dubs_after_dark>`__: Compelling light on dark color scheme.
.. | `dubs_appearance <https://github.com/landonb/dubs_appearance>`__: Configure basic Vim look n' feel.
.. | `dubs_buffer_fun <https://github.com/landonb/dubs_buffer_fun>`__: Manage Buffers and Windows.
.. | `dubs_edit_juice <https://github.com/landonb/dubs_edit_juice>`__: Powerful Text Editing commands.
.. | `dubs_file_finder <https://github.com/landonb/dubs_file_finder>`__: Find and Open Files.
.. | `dubs_ftype_mess <https://github.com/landonb/dubs_ftype_mess>`__: Filetype-specific features, like syntax highlighters, etc.
.. | `dubs_grep_steady <https://github.com/landonb/dubs_grep_steady>`__: Clever Text Search including Replace.
.. | `dubs_html_entities <https://github.com/landonb/dubs_html_entities>`__: HTML Entity table.
.. | `dubs_mescaline <https://github.com/landonb/dubs_mescaline>`__: Simple, elegant status line.
.. | `dubs_project_tray <https://github.com/landonb/dubs_project_tray>`__: Project plugin wrapper.
.. | `dubs_quickfix_wrap <https://github.com/landonb/dubs_quickfix_wrap>`__: Elegant Quickfix wrapper.
.. | `dubs_rest_fold <https://github.com/landonb/dubs_rest_fold>`__: reStructuredText power folder.
.. | `dubs_style_guard <https://github.com/landonb/dubs_style_guard>`__: Automatically set whitespace and line-length settings.
.. | `dubs_syntastic_wrap <https://github.com/landonb/dubs_syntastic_wrap>`__: Syntastic wrapper.
.. | `dubs_toggle_textwrap <https://github.com/landonb/dubs_toggle_textwrap>`__: Simple text wrapping wrapper.
.. | `dubs_web_hatch <https://github.com/landonb/dubs_web_hatch>`__: sensible-browser mappings.

====================================================================================    =============================================================================================================================================================
`dubs_after_dark <https://github.com/landonb/dubs_after_dark>`__                        Compelling light on dark color scheme.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`dubs_appearance <https://github.com/landonb/dubs_appearance>`__                        Configure basic Vim look n' feel.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`dubs_buffer_fun <https://github.com/landonb/dubs_buffer_fun>`__                        Manage Buffers and Windows.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`dubs_edit_juice <https://github.com/landonb/dubs_edit_juice>`__                        Powerful Text Editing commands.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`dubs_file_finder <https://github.com/landonb/dubs_file_finder>`__                      Find and Open Files.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`dubs_ftype_mess <https://github.com/landonb/dubs_ftype_mess>`__                        Filetype-specific features, like syntax highlighters, etc.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`dubs_grep_steady <https://github.com/landonb/dubs_grep_steady>`__                      Clever Text Search including Replace.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`dubs_html_entities <https://github.com/landonb/dubs_html_entities>`__                  HTML Entity table.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`dubs_mescaline <https://github.com/landonb/dubs_mescaline>`__                          Choice Status Line.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`dubs_project_tray <https://github.com/landonb/dubs_project_tray>`__                    Project plugin wrapper.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`dubs_quickfix_wrap <https://github.com/landonb/dubs_quickfix_wrap>`__                  Elegant Quickfix wrapper.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`dubs_rest_fold <https://github.com/landonb/dubs_rest_fold>`__                          reStructuredText power folder.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`dubs_style_guard <https://github.com/landonb/dubs_style_guard>`__                      Automatically set whitespace and line-length settings.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`dubs_syntastic_wrap <https://github.com/landonb/dubs_syntastic_wrap>`__                Syntastic wrapper.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`dubs_toggle_textwrap <https://github.com/landonb/dubs_toggle_textwrap>`__              Simple text wrapping wrapper.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`dubs_web_hatch <https://github.com/landonb/dubs_web_hatch>`__                          sensible-browser mappings.
====================================================================================    =============================================================================================================================================================

List of Third-party Plugins
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. To generate list: grep url .gitmodules | sed 's/.*= //' | sort

The are awesome third-party plugins I find useful or otherwise curious:

| `AutoAdapt <https://github.com/vim-scripts/AutoAdapt>`__:
    "Automatically adapt timestamps, copyright notices, etc."
      [`vim script <http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=4654>`__]
| `command-t <https://github.com/wincent/command-t>`__:
    "Fast file navigation for VIM"
| `ctrlp.vim <https://github.com/kien/ctrlp.vim>`__:
    "Fuzzy file, buffer, mru, tag, etc finder."
      [`deets <https://kien.github.io/ctrlp.vim/>`__]
| `editorconfig-vim <https://github.com/editorconfig/editorconfig-vim>`__:
    "EditorConfig plugin for Vim"
      [`more <http://editorconfig.org/>`__]
| `goyo.vim <https://github.com/junegunn/goyo.vim>`__:
    "Distraction-free writing in Vim"
| `ingo-library <https://github.com/vim-scripts/ingo-library>`__:
    "Vimscript library of common functions."
      [`v.s. <http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=4433>`__]
| `limelight.vim <https://github.com/junegunn/limelight.vim>`__:
    "|flashlight| All the world's indeed a stage and we are merely players"
| `QFEnter <https://github.com/yssl/QFEnter>`__:
    "Open a Quickfix item in a window you choose. (Vim plugin)"
| `syntastic <https://github.com/scrooloose/syntastic>`__:
    "Syntax checking hacks for vim"
| `tcomment_vim <https://github.com/tomtom/tcomment_vim>`__:
    "An extensible & universal comment vim-plugin that also handles embedded filetypes"
      [`vs <http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=1173>`__]
      [see also: `vim-commentary <https://github.com/tpope/vim-commentary>`__]
| `tlib_vim <https://github.com/tomtom/tlib_vim>`__:
    "Some utility functions for VIM"
      [`vs <http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=1863>`__]
| `vim-bufsurf <https://github.com/ton/vim-bufsurf>`__:
    "Vim plugin that enables surfing through buffers based on viewing history per window."
| `vim-gnupg <https://github.com/jamessan/vim-gnupg>`__:
    "transparent editing of gpg encrypted files."
  [`vs <http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=3645>`__]
| `vim-javascript <https://github.com/pangloss/vim-javascript>`__:
    "Vastly improved Javascript indentation and syntax support in Vim.
      [`vs <http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=4452>`__]
| `vim-jsx <https://github.com/landonb/vim-jsx>`__:
    "React JSX syntax highlighting and indenting for vim."
      (forked from `vim-jsx <https://github.com/mxw/vim-jsx>`__)
| `vim-markdown <https://github.com/landonb/vim-markdown>`__:
    "Markdown for Vim: a complete environment to create Markdown files
    with a syntax highlight that doesn't suck!"
      (forked from `vim-markdown <https://github.com/gabrielelana/vim-markdown>`__)
| `vim-misc <https://github.com/xolox/vim-misc>`__:
    "Miscellaneous auto-load Vim scripts"
      [`more <https://peterodding.com/code/vim/misc/>`__]

.. |flashlight| unicode:: 0x1F526 .. flashlight

As well as these plugins from the venerable `Tim Pope <https://github.com/tpope>`__:

| `vim-endwise <https://github.com/tpope/vim-endwise>`__:
    "endwise.vim: wisely add "end" in ruby, endfunction/endif/more in vim script, etc"
  [`vs <http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=2386>`__]
| `vim-fugitive <https://github.com/tpope/vim-fugitive>`__:
    "fugitive.vim: a Git wrapper so awesome, it should be illegal"
  [`vs <http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=2975>`__]
| `vim-scriptease <https://github.com/tpope/vim-scriptease>`__:
    "scriptease.vim: A Vim plugin for Vim plugins"
      [`vs <http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=4394>`__]
| `vim-speeddating <https://github.com/tpope/vim-speeddating>`__:
    "speeddating.vim: use CTRL-A/CTRL-X to increment dates, times, and more"
      [`vs <http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=2120>`__]
| `vim-surround <https://github.com/landonb/vim-surround>`__:
    "surround.vim: quoting/parenthesizing made simple"
      [`vs <http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=1697>`__]
      (forked from `vim-surround <https://github.com/tpope/vim-surround>`__)
| `vim-unimpaired <https://github.com/tpope/vim-unimpaired>`__:
    "unimpaired.vim: pairs of handy bracket mappings"
      [`vs <http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=1590>`__]
| `vim-vinegar <https://github.com/tpope/vim-vinegar>`__:
    "vinegar.vim: combine with netrw to create a delicious salad dressing"
| `vim-vividchalk <https://github.com/tpope/vim-vividchalk>`__:
    "vividchalk.vim: a colorscheme strangely reminiscent of Vibrant Ink for a certain OS X editor"
      [`vs <http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=1891>`__]

And these plugins that I no longer use (or rarely use) but have yet to scrub:

| `jellybeans.vim <https://github.com/nanotech/jellybeans.vim>`__:
    "A colorful, dark color scheme for Vim."
      [`vim.org <http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=2555>`__]
| `nerdtree <https://github.com/scrooloose/nerdtree>`__:
    "A tree explorer plugin for vim."
| `nord-vim <https://github.com/arcticicestudio/nord-vim>`__:
    "An arctic, north-bluish clean and elegant Vim theme."
| `TeTrIs.vim <https://github.com/vim-scripts/TeTrIs.vim>`__:
    "A tetris game in pure vim"
| `viki_vim <https://github.com/tomtom/viki_vim>`__:
    "A personal wiki for Vim"
      [`vs <http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=861>`__]
| `vim-rails <https://github.com/tpope/vim-rails>`__:
    "rails.vim: Ruby on Rails power tools"
      [`vs <http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=1567>`__]

Comprehensive Feature List
--------------------------

Each plugin's README.rst is reproduced herein to give a nice,
comprehensive (albeit lengthy) list of all the features.

Most of the features and key mappings are specific to Dubs Vim,
but a few commonly-used (or commonly-forgotten) Vim commands are
also included.

Features are grouped into categories and are identified by
their keyboard mapping or ``:command`` name, followed by a
brief description of the feature and then more detailed notes.

.. NOTE: For security reasons, the include directive does not
..       work on github. E.g., we cannot simply
..
..        .. include:: https://github.com/landonb/dubs_after_dark/README.rst
..        .. include:: ...
..
..       so instead we'll assemble this file from a script, readme-using.make.sh,
..       which appends all the package docs to this file.
